# ECE 219 Project 4: Regression Analysis and Twitter Data

## Instructions

- Download diamond data from from https://drive.google.com/file/d/1gofVOyha91l5ze5clqS2FJE_MEXTdsEM/view and put the files under _diamond_data_ directory
- Download tweet data from from https://ucla.app.box.com/s/24oxnhsoj6kpxhl6gyvuck25i3s4426d and put the files under _ECE219_tweet_data_ directory
- Questions 1-8 are based on _ECE219_Project04_Regression_Analysis.ipynb_. 
- Question 9-10 is based on _ECE219_Project04_Twitter_Data_Analysis.ipynb_.
- Open with jupyter notebook with the environment set up.
- Please run every cell one by one from beginning to end.
- Refer to _ECE219_Project04_Regression_Analysis_and_Twitter_Data_Report.pdf_ for the answers to the questions in the manual.
- For question 10, we have trained a model to predict the number of retweets, fan base, and relative time of a given tweet. Then, we applied it for data profiling. 
- Note that the code is written in the Google Colabatory environment, and some installment or download instructions might differ depending on the local environment.
- `GridSearchCV` for neural networks takes about 1 hour. It can vary depending on the local machine's performance.
- Built-in google library (only available on the colab environment) was used to mount the google drive files for data reading. Change the directory name for local data reading.
- For Twitter data reading in question 10, a large RAM is preferred.
- Some model training and grid search processes take more than 30 minutes to complete. Some pickle files under the _pickle_files_ directory are provided to skip model training. To use the pickle files, uncomment the pickle load commands.
- There are some issues with the `dot` command in colab. To generate the random forest graph, run the corresponding code cell to generate the tree.dot file first, then run the `dot -Tpng tree.dot -o tree.png` in the terminal to get a _.png_ graph. The code cell below will be able to display the graph. It is recommended to run the graph generation locally or download the tree.dot file and generate _tree.png_ locally.

## Files

- _ECE219_Project04_Regression_Analysis.ipynb_.
- _ECE219_Project04_Twitter_Data_Analysis.ipynb_.
- Diamond dataset (retrieved from https://drive.google.com/file/d/1gofVOyha91l5ze5clqS2FJE_MEXTdsEM/view)
- Twitter training files (retrieved from https://ucla.app.box.com/s/24oxnhsoj6kpxhl6gyvuck25i3s4426d)
- Pickle files under pickle_files (can be used to skip some training and gridsearch process)
- tree.dot (the random forest graph generated by `export_graphviz`)